You were making a living here before, right?
Be a waiter every day
Seeing rich people order food is still pretending to be here with me?
Is that so?
Ye Qiuyan, you said
Do you have to be very grateful?
Thank you to our eldest lady
If not for him
You said you were a former waiter
How is it possible to eat at the table?
My cousin makes me eat here every day
Tired of eating thank you
It cost you.
I am a down payment
I saved this money
Come down this time
200,000 have to empty me for most of the night
I sooner or later
To get it back from you scumbags
Miss, you are a passenger here
Who is that handsome guy at the door?
My cousin, the owner of this restaurant
I've never seen it before.
Look dressed
I guess it's new here
Can you introduce me to him?
See if he can like you
Don't you know?
That man just now?
That look has been glued to the eldest lady's body
Miss, that is a natural beauty.
The man must have fallen in love with the eldest lady at first sight
Possibly
Otherwise, why is he so eager to serve?
But he is a poor worker
How can I be worthy of my noble guardian?
daughter identity
My cousin is worth hundreds of billions
But seeing how handsome he is
I can reluctantly fall in love with him
Then you have his contact information, but no.
But don't you forget.
My cousin owns this restaurant
I would like the contact information of an employee
That's not going to be easy.
I'm so envious.
That handsome guy, you shouldn't like him, right?
I advise you.
Look in the mirror
Although they work part-time in a restaurant
But it's a Michelin restaurant after all.
Monthly income over 10,000
Are you worthy of being a low-level female loser?
Excuse me.
The boss said he has his favorite cousin this week
So today's dishes are all free of charge.